Products

KinetEco is all about making people's lives better and richer, while working hard to leave the smallest footprint on the planet. We love technology as much as the rest of the world, and we want it to be accessible to everyone. We believe that by powering our world with alternative energy, including solar and wind power, we can get technology to more people.

Take our K-Eco Mini Panel, for example. It's the world’s smallest solar panel, clocking in at a size of just under 12 square inches, yet it can power your cell phone, iPod, or MP3 player for up to 15 hours. That means fewer batteries going into our landfills, and less strain on our fossil fuel-driven power consumption.

We even make a simple light bulb a Girl holding K-Eco Energy Bulbmajor player in the alternative energy field. Our K-Eco Energy bulbs glow with the cleanest, purest, brightest light of any bulb on the market, and for fractions of the cost of even the leading energy-saving bulbs. Plus, they last much longer – with a life span averaging around 5 years for a single bulb.

With retail stores in every state in the union, most major cities, and many countries – as well as a thriving online business -  we're accessible day and night. Our customer service representatives are knowledgeable about alternative energy and the many technologies and gadgets we sell, so they can always help you find what you're looking for. And, our online and phone support reps are available 24/7, so you never have to wait to get your questions answered.

The way we look at it, you have to use technology in this modern world. Why not use it in a way that's more efficient, less expensive, and eco-conscious? Plus, it's pretty darn cool to power your toys by the power of the sun. Don't you think?




K-Eco Mini Panel

Our new K-Eco Mini Panel, to be released in stores within the next week, is sure to find many uses. The 4-inch x 3-inch handheld solar device takes only 6-10 hours to charge in partial to full sun, and provides twice that time in powering your favorite electronics including portable music players, phones, game consoles, and more. Plus, it comes with a dozen cables – one to fit nearly every need. This little gadget is a steal at just $24.99. Coming to a KinetEco retail store near you.




K-Eco Energy Bulbs

Callen's State University in Kansas recently conducted a study of energy saving fixtures in the home. Our K-Eco Energy Bulbs ranked #1 in energy savings – beating out over 50 other light bulbs in the same class. In addition, our K-Eco bulbs ranked consistently higher in quality of light and time to replacement.




K-Eco Solar Mug

Our new K-Eco Solar Mug is making fans of coffee and tea drinkers all around the world. Our latest gadget, released in stores over the weekend, has been spotted in many hands, including those of the rich and famous. The mug is kept warm all day by the solar heated plate.  And, you don't have to be in direct sunlight to do it. Even ultraviolet light in your office will do. The plate can also be heated by a USB port on your computer. Now that's convenience.




K-Eco Low-Flow Shower Head

You may be surprised to hear that we're now selling low flow shower heads – a departure from our regular solar and wind powered consumer products. In reality, we're moving into new turf, or rather new waters, and are expanding beyond alternative energy to include other environmentally-friendly gadgets to help you live life better and with respect for the planet. Come to your nearest KinetEco retail store and get your K-Eco low flow shower head today!